emacs:*:lsp, haskell lsp,emacs lsp
Keybinding  Description
s-l w s  Entry point for the server startup.
s-l w r  Restart language server
s-l w q  Shutdown language server
s-l w d  Describes current session
s-l w D  Disconnect the buffer from the language server keeping the server running.
s-l = =  Ask the server to format this document.
s-l = r  Ask the server to format the region, or if none is selected, the current line.
s-l F a  Add new project root to the list of workspace folders.
s-l F r  Remove project root from the list of workspace folders.
s-l F b  Remove project root from the workspace blocklist.
s-l T l  Toggle code-lens overlays.
s-l T L  Toggle client-server protocol logging.
s-l T h  Toggle symbol highlighting.
s-l T S  Toggle minor mode for showing information for current line in sideline. (requires lsp-ui)
s-l T d  Toggle minor mode for showing hover information in child frame. (requires lsp-ui)
s-l T s  Toggle signature auto activate.
s-l T f  Toggle on type formatting.
s-l T T  Toggle global minor mode for synchronizing lsp-mode workspace folders and treemacs projects. (requires lsp-treemacs)
s-l g g  Find definitions of the symbol under point.
1 s-l g r  Find references of the symbol under point.
2 s-l g i  Find implementations of the symbol under point.
3 s-l g t  Find type definitions of the symbol under point.
s-l g d  Find declarations of the symbol under point.
s-l g h  Show the incoming call hierarchy for the symbol at point. (requires lsp-treemacs)
s-l g a  Find all meaningful symbols that match pattern.
s-l h h  Display the type signature and documentation of the thing at point.
s-l h s  Activate signature help.
s-l h g  Trigger display hover information popup and hide it on next typing.
s-l r r  Rename the symbol (and all references to it).
s-l r o  Perform the source.organizeImports code action, if available.
s-l a a  Execute code action.
s-l a l  Click lsp lens using ‘avy’ package.
s-l a h  Highlight symbol at point.
s-l G g  Peek definitions to the identifier at point. (requires lsp-ui)
s-l G r  Peek references to the identifier at point. (requires lsp-ui)
s-l G i  Peek implementation locations of the symbol at point. (requires lsp-ui)
s-l G s  Peek symbols in the workspace. (requires lsp-ui)
C-u RET  When inserting C-u will change the behaviour from insert to replace or vice versa depending on lsp-completion-default-behaviour    lsp:*: emacs lsp, disable import, haskell hide function
;; DATE: Wednesday, 14 February 2024 13:22 PST
;; KEY: disable auto import functions in haskell, auto import function, haskell hide functions, haskell lsp, lsp len
(setq lsp-lens-enable nil)
